dearly beloved we are gathered here
today to join in holy pretend matrimony
these two Jane Emily Rose Paul and
Andrew Douglas Martin's in front of
these witnesses do you Janey take Andrew
as your lifelong friend do you promise
to love him and support him and cherish
him Andrew do you take Jane here's your
lifelong friend do you promise to love
her and support her and cherish her okay
do we have any rings
get the Rings take your ring and put put
on Janie's finger and repeat after me i
Andrew do take you Janey as my lifelong
friend Janey you take the ring and put
it on Andrews finger and repeat after me
I Jenni take you Andrew as my lifelong
friend I now pronounce you two good
friends joint give each other hug very
strong eundel abeyance beds have to clap
hey yay now let's go to the reception
okay oh yes you want to do the
Nutcracker first and then we'll have
cookies decided cut right to the
reception so here's the happy couple go
ahead and serve up some pink melt there
put it put the cup over this over the
bowl there you go good job Abby we want
to run over and get a napkin over here
yeah we got one for you too you did
great Andrew good job okay now serve up
no drop it on don't drink it yet what
kind of say cheers
okay we have flowers and that's raisin
oatmeal cookies it's doing this one okay
so give Spence his milk let's all lift
our glasses and here's the cheers let's
say we say to Janie
Andrew suspense and Abbi you can send
upon your chair buddy that way you can
reach them may they always be good
friends
Cheers don't spill it wait cheers at
Abbey charity money she will put the
cheers with them busy Janie cheers with
fence happy ring bearer
hey everybody take a cookie
and Janie you free to buy to your sis
but Andrew and he'll petabyte it there
you go
put it up there and I'm taking my tears
there you go now let's give a bite of
Janie oh there you go yeah yeah sure
swish around see you don't swap yours
okay cheers with Spencer aunt Janie here
Spencer now sit down
easier no that's right pink milk yep
drink eat drink and be merry